You’re the one,
The only one for me.
You’re my love,
My one and only.
Your qualities, your faith—
They bring me such delight.
And with God’s help,
I know our future’s bright.
It fills my heart with love
To know you stand by me.
I feel your deep respect;
I know you’re proud of me.
Together we can be strong;
Together’s where we belong.
Jehovah helps us stay more in love each day—
My only one.
You’re the one for me;
You listen to my thoughts.
And as a team,
We work hard for our God.
Yes, in my heart I feel
You cherish me, my love.
You’ll always be the one—
The one I’m so proud of.
Together we can be strong;
Together’s where we belong.
Jehovah helps us stay more in love each day—
My only one.
Together we can be strong;
Together’s where we belong.
Jehovah helps us stay more in love each day—
My only one,
My love.